Life is full of trouble and sometimes it turns out you're the one that
causes the trouble, and if you get in trouble in the navy they will
deal with it fairly and not harshly and they will give you a second
chance to make good that depending on the severity of the issue. I
for instance was once hauled before the committing officer, for the
offensive being more than the allowed number of miles from my duty station
on the overnight liberty, that is I was supposed to just stay
in town and go drinking and I'd go over to Duke University visit with
my younger brother and saw him in that when I go back to camp le
June, I had been more than sixty miles from my base on overnight liberty,
and so I was but adjuidicated as guilty of that and yet other
than a minor fine, which strangely enough I never paid because the company
clerk just kind of hid the fine from the pay records, I had no
impact at all fofromr that. As you can see it allowed me to get a
commission in the navy and rise to the rank of commander. So more serious
offenses of course more serious punishment and longer term consequence